<<<<<<< HEAD
# Maraboupy examples

This folder contains a collection of example files showing how Maraboupy can be used.
These files can be run after Marabou and Maraboupy have been built. Make sure that
the Marabou root directory has been added to PYTHONPATH. These examples use networks
stored in the root directory's resources folder.

## Adding new example files
New example files can be added to this folder, and they will automatically be included
in the documentation created in the maraboupy/docs folder. To make the derived documentation
look correct, follow these basic rules:
1. A comment block should be at the top and contain the title followed by a line of "="
2. The remaining lines of the comment block can give information or documentation about the file
3. Begin comment lines with a preceding "# %%" to denote the beginning of a text block
4. Subsections can be created in a comment line by writing the subsection title followed 
by a line of "-" characters
5. Append a number prefix to the name of the file to indicate order of files used in documentation

Following these steps will produce documentation with alternating code and text blocks. See
one of the existing files as an example.
=======
# Neural Verification of Deep Convolution Neural Networks

## Features
- Allows formal verification of Deep CNN's using neural network verifiers such as Marabou
- Encodes the high dimensional RGB input images to lower dimension latent space representation using a Variational AutoEncoder structure
 
### *Current Features*
- The ```VAE_keras.ipynb``` file trains a vanilla VAE code written to create a 2D latent space representation of the *MNIST digits dataset* and create new images from the decoder
- The ```MNIST.ipynb``` file trains a Convolutional Neural Network to classify images from the *MNIST dataset* to their respective digits
- The ```VAE_modified.ipynb``` file adds a *Classifier* layer to the vanilla VAE from the ```VAE_keras``` neural network model, such that we can attain better seperation within the latent space representation
- The ```MNIST.pb``` file is an automatically generated ```.pb``` keras NN model file that is used by the ```VAE_modified``` file to classify the new recreated images from the VAE to their respective labels. This file is generated by the CNN from ```MNIST.ipynb```. In general, we will have this file handy as we will be working with pre-trained neural networks from the Phoenix stack when possible 


## How to connect to Palmetto Cluster and Run

1) Connect to ```Palmetto OnDemand``` supercomputer cluster using Clemson credentials and start a new Jupyter Notebook session. Follow the link for more instructions to start a Jupyter notebook (https://docs.rcd.clemson.edu/palmetto/connect/openod/apps/jupyter/)


2) Once a notebook is started, open the terminal in the notebook and git clone this repository into any folder


3) The ```main.ipynb``` file trains the VAE on the MNIST dataset and then combines the CNN from ```MNIST.ipynb``` to predict class labels. Tensorflow and other necessary packages will be automatically installed when you run the first cell in the notebook. There is pre-trained CNN model already present for ease of use. The VAE model will be trained from the ```main.ipynb``` beacuse the architecture for the same is still under development
>>>>>>> aea0fa8d890320b471237f59c9fd2615761598bf
